Revert attribute content and add assert with pane attribute (#531)
bdlukaa/fluent_ui: CHANGELOG.md

    ),
  ),
  ```
  

>   Or if you didn't have panes, you can use the content like that:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Or if you don't have panes, you can use the content like the following:  
```
